here we are at on a creek the three
bedroom deluxe 6220 is the unit
this is the dining area as you enter the
door seats eight
we pan over to the kitchen see the
granite countertops the various kitchen
appliances including a blender
coffeemaker
the typical Windom pack that includes
coffee popcorn hot chocolate there are
two barstools at the bar and over and
see the living area which includes chair
sleeper sofa
and another double chair
and to the
balcony out
we go down the hallway
you have a full washer/dryer and a
forward coat closet washer/dryer
combination to stack in this unit here
we have the guest bedroom which includes
two double beds has a TV light screen
window out also here we have a sink
outside area and then inside we have the
full bath with another sink plus bathtub
shower toilet and again you've got the
granite surfaces there
here we have the second bedroom
king-size bed flat-screen TV the
furnishings that you see
then we go to the other side of the unit
you'll notice
the cabinet includes DVD player a sound
system another flatscreen then we have
the master bedroom another king size bed
you have the whirlpool tub
in the master bath extra sink outside of
the water closet area then you have
inside you have a full stand-up shower
another sink and quickly take a look at
the balcony area you'll see it's
actually quite a deep balcony set up
with four chairs
this view is actually a parking lot view
that needs to be a higher elevation in
order to have the best view of the
fireworks but it is in the direction of
the fireworks which was originally our
request is for travelling with children
that is the tour of bonnet creek
3-bedroom deluxe